README.md, before:

Friday Project 7

Project 1 Notes
# Let's rewrite the code to allow user input for each part of the madlib.
# Getting inputs from the user
# Returning the madlib with the user inputs
# Let's call the function to allow user interaction

Project 2 Notes
# This function generates 6 lottery numbers:
# - The first 5 numbers are randomly selected from a range of 1 to 69
# - The last number is randomly selected from a range of 1 to 26
# It then displays the numbers with specific spacing and provides a farewell message.
# Generate the first 5 numbers between 1 and 69
# Generate the last number between 1 and 26
# Format the output with spaces (3 spaces between the 5th and 6th number)
# Display the generated numbers
# Call the Function

Project 3 Notes
# Importing the random module to generate random numbers
# Ask the user if they want to play the game and convert the input to lowercase
# Check if the user said "yes"
# Generate a random number between 1 and 10
# Ask the user to guess a number between 1 and 10, and convert it to an integer
# Check if the guessed number matches the random number
# If the guess is correct, print a congratulatory message
# If the guess is incorrect, show the correct number and prompt them to try again
# Call the function to start the game
Project 4 Notes 
# Define the trivia questions and answers
# Loop through the dictionary and prompt the user for answers
# Display the question
# Check if the answer is correct and provide feedback
# # Add a newline for spacing
Project 5 Notes
# Define functions for each color
# Main Program Logic
# Display each color function with sample text
# User input for custom text and color choice
# Dictionary to match color choices with functions
# Display the text in the chosen color if the color is valid
Project 6 Notes
#

Commit message:

Final Code for Project6 + Notes

README.md, after:

Friday Project 7
Notes
# I messed up the commit comments for projects 5 and 6 and could not figure out how to edit the comments. 

Project 1 Notes
# Let's rewrite the code to allow user input for each part of the madlib.
# Getting inputs from the user
# Returning the madlib with the user inputs
# Let's call the function to allow user interaction

Project 2 Notes
# This function generates 6 lottery numbers:
# - The first 5 numbers are randomly selected from a range of 1 to 69
# - The last number is randomly selected from a range of 1 to 26
# It then displays the numbers with specific spacing and provides a farewell message.
# Generate the first 5 numbers between 1 and 69
# Generate the last number between 1 and 26
# Format the output with spaces (3 spaces between the 5th and 6th number)
# Display the generated numbers
# Call the Function

Project 3 Notes
# Importing the random module to generate random numbers
# Ask the user if they want to play the game and convert the input to lowercase
# Check if the user said "yes"
# Generate a random number between 1 and 10
# Ask the user to guess a number between 1 and 10, and convert it to an integer
# Check if the guessed number matches the random number
# If the guess is correct, print a congratulatory message
# If the guess is incorrect, show the correct number and prompt them to try again
# Call the function to start the game
Project 4 Notes 
# Define the trivia questions and answers
# Loop through the dictionary and prompt the user for answers
# Display the question
# Check if the answer is correct and provide feedback
# # Add a newline for spacing
Project 5 Notes
# Define functions for each color
# Main Program Logic
# Display each color function with sample text
# User input for custom text and color choice
# Dictionary to match color choices with functions
# Display the text in the chosen color if the color is valid
Project 6 Notes
# Initialize the bank account with an account number and an initial balance
# Deposit the specified amount if it is positive
# Withdraw the specified amount if it is positive and within the balance
# Display the current balance
# Create one account with a specific account number and a default balance of 0
# Prompt the user to enter their account number once for verification
# Indefinite loop to provide account options until the user decides to exit
# Display available options
# Deposit money if user selects option 1
# Withdraw money if user selects option 2
# Check balance if user selects option 3
# Exit the loop if user selects option 4
# Handle invalid option selection
# Add space between transactions for better readability
# Display error message if account number is incorrect
